# ReleaseOnline - The 1.0.0 server your mother warned you about...
ReleaseOnline is a **mostly vanilla™** server for 1.0.0 vanilla. It has minimal plugins, only AntiCheat, claims and a simple rules and about plugin. ReleaseOnline is hosted in 🇮🇪.

## Rules
* Don't be a d**k (e.g. Threats, Sexism, Racism, Doxing)
* No Hacks, Hacked Clients or X-Ray Texture Packs.
* No game breaking exploits.
* No unreasonable strings of profanity, one or two here and there is fine, just don't overdo it.
* No inappropriate skins (e.g. Hitler, Nude Skins, Osama Bin Laden) and names.
* You'll first get a warning, then a short ban, then a longer ban, then a permanent ban (there is no warnings for hacking/exploiting).


## How to Join
### 1 - Via the Betacraft Launcher
Head over to https://betacraft.uk/downloads and click "Download universal launcher JAR". If you do not already have Java (not the version of Minecraft), you can download it from https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases?version=8. Once you've downloaded Java (if you needed to) and have downloaded the Betacraft Launcher, open the Betacraft Launcher. In the Betacraft Launcher click "Log in" then "Login with Microsoft" then follow the instructions the Betacraft Launcher gives you. Then click the "Server list" button at the top of the launcher. Scroll until you find ReleaseOnline under the Release Section. Click "ReleaseOnline" and that's it, you can revel and bask in the glory that is ReleaseOnline

### 2 - Via the MultiMC Launcher
Firstly, head over to https://multimc.org/#Download and download the appropriate binary. I recommend (on Windows) extracting the "MultiMC" folder to your C:\ drive and creating a shortcut on your desktop and the start menu program folder ([tutorial here]([https://duckduckgo.com](https://jummbus.bitbucket.io/player/#song=j5N0nBetter%20off%20togethern420s0k0l00e07t2ca7g07j07r1O_U000000000000i0o5333T8v0wu08f010s500q050Oajd090w2h0M0479bbdddffffhhhhhjjjjjjllllllllMIFDBBzzzxxxxvvvvvttttttrrrrrrrrE0T0v0ru00f021562ka00q0B010s1000Oald080w2h8E1b1T0v0su00f0000qg410Oad0a0w1h2E0T7v0pu07f021562ka00q0D010s1000Oa2ld080H_SRJ6JIBxAAAAkh8IbE1b1T4v0su04f1a0q070Oa7mz6666ji8k8k3jSBKSJJAArriiiiii07JCABrzrrrrrrr00YrkqHrsrrrrjr005zrAqzrjzrrqr1jRjrqGGrrzsrsA099ijrABJJJIAzrrtirqrqjqixzsrAjrqjiqaqqysttAJqjikikrizrHtBJJAzArzrIsRCITKSS099ijrAJS____Qg99habbCAYrDzh00E0T4v0pu04f050t72e22oa2f027c00q0B1720Oa1z6666ji8k8k3jSBKSJJAArriiiiii07JCABrzrrrrrrr00YrkqHrsrrrrjr005zrAqzrjzrrqr1jRjrqGGrrzsrsA099ijrABJJJIAzrrtirqrqjqixzsrAjrqjiqaqqysttAJqjikikrizrHtBJJAzArzrIsRCITKSS099ijrAJS____Qg90019asrAAAJRT_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_B6dQNlhRyGsVPHB1JyGJ9PRUnLiDlrXmZGmtoEFeBqnLNmRWYhIhw0))). Afterwards open MultiMC and select your language. At the next screen, if you don't have Java (not the version of Minecraft) you can download it from https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases?version=8 (it is recommended to use Java 8 for 1.0.0), install Java and close and re-open MultiMC. Now that you have Java (if you didn't before) select the installation of Java (probably has the path of "javaw") and click "Next". If you wish to you can disable analytics and click "Finish". Click "Add Instance" and scroll to the bottom of the list of versions and select "1.0". You can add a name and icon if you wish. Click on the icon and on the left of the screen click "Edit Instance". Open the "Settings" menu (on the "Edit Instance" window, not the main MultiMC window). Tick the "Java Arguments" radio button and in the text box type "-Dhttp.proxyHost=betacraft.uk -Dhttp.proxyPort=11707". Close the window edit instance window and select "Launch" from the same place as the edit instance button. Once the game is open click the "Multiplayer" button then click "Add server", in server name enter "ReleaseOnline" (… or anything you want) and as the server address enter "releaseonline.cm3k.xyz". Click "Done" then click on the server listing then click "Join Server" so that you can revel and bask in the glory that is ReleaseOnline.

### 3 - Via the Official Mojang Launcher *(not reccomended)*
*Note: This tutorial assumes you have the Mojang launcher installed*
On the Mojang launcher open the installations and click "New installation" click "Latest release" under "Version" and scroll to the bottom and click "release 1.0". It is recommended, but not always necessary, to change the game directory. If you want to change the game directory click "Browse" under "Game Directory" and create a folder anywhere you want on your computer, this will be where the games files will be stored. Click the button that says "More Options" and under "Java Arguments" paste "-Dhttp.proxyHost=betacraft.uk -Dhttp.proxyPort=11707" before what is already in the text box, make sure there is a space in between what you pasted and what was already there. If you wish you can change the installations name and the installations icon. Click "Create" and hover over the installation you just created and click "Play". Alternatively you can go the main "Play" screen and change the installation (if it isn't already selected) to the installation to the one you just created by clicking the installation selector beside the "Play" button and selecting the installation you just created from the list, click it, and click "Play". Once the game is open click the "Multiplayer" button then click "Add server", in server name enter "ReleaseOnline" (… or anything you want) and as the server address enter "releaseonline.cm3k.xyz". Click "Done" then click on the server listing then click "Join Server" so that you can revel and bask in the glory that is ReleaseOnline.
